Key,Source,Context,English

meleeToolRepairT1ClawHammerSchematic,items,Melee,Claw Hammer Schematic
meleeToolRepairT3NailgunSchematic,items,Melee,Nailgun Schematic
meleeToolAxeT1IronFireaxeSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Fireaxe Schematic
meleeToolAxeT2SteelAxeSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Axe Schematic

meleeToolPickT1IronPickaxeSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Pickaxe Schematic
meleeToolPickT2SteelPickaxeSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Pickaxe Schematic
meleeToolShovelT1IronShovelSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Shovel Schematic
meleeToolShovelT2SteelShovelSchematic,items,Melee,Kukri Schematic

meleeToolAxeT3ChainsawSchematic,items,Melee,Chainsaw Schematic
meleeToolPickT3AugerSchematic,items,Melee,Auger Schematic
meleeToolSalvageT1WrenchSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Shovel Schematic
meleeToolSalvageT2RatchetSchematic,items,Melee,Ratchet Schematic

meleeToolSalvageT3ImpactDriverSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Schematic
meleeWpnBladeT1HuntingKnifeSchematic,items,Melee,Hunting Knife Schematic
meleeWpnBladeT3MacheteSchematic,items,Melee,Machete Schematic
meleeWpnClubT1BaseballBatSchematic,items,Melee,Baseball Bat Schematic

meleeWpnClubT3SteelClubSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Club Schematic
meleeWpnBatonT2StunBatonSchematic,items,Melee,Stun Baton Schematic
meleeWpnSpearT1IronSpearSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Spear Schematic
meleeWpnSpearT3SteelSpearSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Spear Schematic

meleeWpnSledgeT1IronSledgehammerSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Sledgehammer Schematic
meleeWpnSledgeT3SteelSledgehammerSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Sledgehammer Schematic
meleeWpnKnucklesT1IronKnucklesSchematic,items,Melee,Iron Knuckles Schematic
meleeWpnKnucklesT3SteelKnucklesSchematic,items,Melee,Steel Knuckles Schematic

foodGumboStewSchematic,items,Food,Gumbo Stew Recipe
foodSpaghettiSchematic,items,Food,Spaghetti Recipe
drinkJarGrandpasLearningElixirSchematic,items,Food,Grandpas Learnin' Elixir Recipe
foodShepardsPieSchematic,items,Food,Shepards Pie Recipe
drinkJarGrandpasMoonshineSchematic,items,Food,Grandpa's Moonshine Recipe
foodTunaFishGravyToastSchematic,items,Food,Tuna Fish Gravy Toast Recipe
drinkJarGrandpasAwesomeSauceSchematic,items,Food,Grandpa's Awesome Sauce Recipe
foodShamChowderSchematic,items,Food,Sham Chowder Recipe
foodChiliDogSchematic,items,Food,Chili Dog Recipe
foodFishTacosSchematic,items,Food,Fish Tacos Recipe
foodHoboStewSchematic,items,Food,Hobo Stew Recipe
drinkYuccaJuiceSmoothieSchematic,items,Food,Yucca Juice Smoothie Recipe
drinkJarBeerSchematic,items,Food,Beer Recipe
foodSteakAndPotatoSchematic,items,Food,Steak and Potato Meal Recipe
foodVegetableStewSchematic,items,Food,Vegetable Stew Recipe
foodMeatStewSchematic,items,Food,Meat Stew Recipe
foodPumpkinCheesecakeSchematic,items,Food,Pumpkin Cheesecake Recipe

